"# web-studio-project-group_01_wps_2024"

Accounts

    Admin Account
        Username: adminAccount
        Email: admin.testing@email.com
        Password: P@ssword1

    Normal Account-
        Username: joeAverage
        Email: average.joe@email.com
        Password: P@ssword1

**Hosts**

[Connor's mirror s4096467 (most likely to be up to date)](https://saturn.csit.rmit.edu.au/~s4096467/web-studio-project-group_01_wps_2024/siteRoot/)

Josip

[Declan's mirror s4009378](https://titan.csit.rmit.edu.au/~s4009378/web-studio-project-group_01_wps_2024/siteRoot/)

[Himanth s4055688](https://saturn.csit.rmit.edu.au/~s4055688/web-studio-project-group_01_wps_2024/siteRoot/fancommunity.php)

Declan (Discussions and Events):
Please note during the assigment stage of the modules Declan was assigned to Discussion Forum, we have had some issues as Himanth as also done a discussion forum which wasnt discussed between the group and was done independently. I, Declan have tried to speak with Himanth about this but was unable to get a clear picture. Himanth was convinced his discussion module was apart of the REST API's section which he was assigned but made no effort to discuss this with the rest of the group.

Please refer to the discussionForum.php for browsing events and eventRegistration.php for regsitering events. 
The fancommunity.php and all child sites were done by Himanth and not originally planned for or discussed with the rest of the group.